Stripe keys are configured. Now let me examine the existing escrow and billing code to integrate Stripe payments.
Searched for "Find the escrow payment routes and API endpoints for funding escrow"
Opened app.py
Opened app.py
Good, I can see the app already imports Stripe and has the API key configured. Now I need to add Stripe Checkout integration for escrow payments. Let me create the Stripe payment endpoints:
Executed rg -n 'stripe|STRIPE' app.py
Opened app.py
Now I understand the current setup. The app has basic Stripe PaymentIntent integration but not Stripe Checkout. Let me add proper Stripe Checkout for escrow funding. I'll add new endpoints for Stripe Checkout:
Opened app.py
Now I'll add the Stripe Checkout endpoints for escrow funding. Let me insert them after the END ESCROW ENDPOINTS section:
Edited app.py
Now I need to update the escrow.html template to add the Stripe payment button. Let me read more of the escrow template to find where to add the payment button:
Opened templates/escrow.html
Connect payment service for processing
Optimized Agent memory
Let me continue reading the escrow.html to find the JavaScript section where payments are handled:
Opened templates/escrow.html
Now I understand the current implementation. The escrow page currently uses PayHalal by default. I need to update it to also offer Stripe as an option (or use Stripe by default since it's now configured). Let me update the JavaScript to support Stripe Checkout:
Opened templates/escrow.html
Now I'll update the escrow.html to add Stripe as a payment option. I need to modify the openFundModal function to include Stripe and update confirmFund to handle Stripe checkout:
Edited templates/escrow.html
Now let me restart the workflow to apply the changes and verify everything works:
Restarted Start application
Checked console and system logs
The server is running successfully. Now let me update the progress tracker and call the architect to review the changes:
Reviewed Stripe Checkout escrow integration
